---
layout: post
title: "SoftLayer API News"
description: 2016-04-04 News For SoftLayer API
headline:
modified: 2016-04-04
category: news
tags: [softlayer, api, news]
imagefeature: 
mathjax: 
chart: 
comments: true
mailchimp: true
featured: true
---

Stay updated about modifications on SoftLayer API, read our [page]({{ site.url }}/softlayer_updates) to know more information about these updates.

This week we just have one modification, check it out!

## SoftLayer_Account

Added methods `getAccountLicenses` and `getActiveAccountLicenses` so you can retrieve the account software licenses owned by an account, and for the second method you can, of course, just get the active licenses.

A count for each property was added, so `accountLicenseCount` and `activeAccountLicenseCount`, show the total for each license.

## SoftLayer_Search

The [SoftLayer_Search](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/services/SoftLayer_Search) service was introduced to search for almost every devices of an account, according to the documentation:

> SoftLayer's account historical service allows users to access a broad overview of devices for that account and historical details concerning the overall function and performance of the devices on that account

the service has the following methods:

* `advancedSearch` Search for SoftLayer Resources by simple terms.
* `getObjectTypes` Return a collection of indexed object types.
* `search` Search for SoftLayer Resources by simple phrase.

I do really belive that search deserves it's own post, stay tuned.

## SoftLayer_Software_AcccountLicense

It's the [service](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/services/SoftLayer_Software_AccountLicense) and [datatype](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/datatypes/SoftLayer_Software_AccountLicense) for the methods explained on SoftLayer_Account section.

According to documentations

> SoftLayer_Software_AccountLicense is the application class that handles a special type of Software License. Most software licenses are licensed to a specific hardware ID or IP address, this is tied to an account.

the service has the following methods:

* `getAccount` Retrieve the customer account this Account License belongs to.
* `getBillingItem` Retrieve the billing item for a software account license.
* `getObject` Retrieve a SoftLayer_Software_AccountLicense record.
* `getSoftwareDescription` Retrieve the SoftLayer_Software_Description that this account license is for.

## Types

* [SoftLayer_Entity](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/datatypes/SoftLayer_Entity)
* [SoftLayer_Container_Resource_Metadata_ServiceResource](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/datatypes/SoftLayer_Container_Resource_Metadata_ServiceResource) SoftLayer_Resource_Metadata#getServiceResources now is returning an array of this `ServiceResource`, instead of an array of `SoftLayer_Network_Service_Resource`


See you next week!