---
layout: post
title: "SoftLayer API News"
description: 2016-04-25 News For SoftLayer API
headline:
modified: 2016-04-25
category: news
tags: [softlayer, api, news]
imagefeature: 
mathjax: 
chart: 
comments: true
mailchimp: true
featured: true
---

Stay updated about modifications on SoftLayer API, read our [page]({{ site.url }}/softlayer_updates) to know more information about these updates.

This week we have some additions to SoftLayer API, most related to Software Licenses.

## SoftLayer_Account

Was added the `getVmWareActiveAccountLicenseKeys` that returns an array of strings that is a collection of active VMware software account license keys.

## SoftLayer_Notification_Occurence_Event

Notification of occurrence events, are related when can cause a disruption on a service, and now were added a property `acknowledgedFlag` (and a method to get its value `getAcknowledgedFlag`) that indicates whether or not this event has been acknowledged by the user. My guess is it's for SoftLayer internal control.

## SoftLayer_Software_AccountLicense

The service now has the `getAllObjects` method to get all account licenses.

## SoftLayer_User_Customer

On this datatype was added `managedByOIDCFlag`, honestly, I have no idea what it means, do you? :)

## New Types

Related to license additions were added two data types [SoftLayer_Billing_Item_Software_License](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/datatypes/SoftLayer_Billing_Item_Software_License) and [SoftLayer_Container_Product_Order_Software_License](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/datatypes/SoftLayer_Container_Product_Order_Software_License).

The first one is an specialization of `SoftLayer_Billing_Item_Software` that contains `resource` that is a relationship to a software license billing item. The second one brings no additional specialization on the class.

See you next week!