---
layout: post
title: "SoftLayer API News"
description: 2016-07-18 News For SoftLayer API
headline:
modified: 2016-07-18
category: news
tags: [softlayer, api, news]
imagefeature: 
mathjax: 
chart: 
comments: true
mailchimp: true
featured: true
---

Stay updated about modifications on SoftLayer API, read our [page]({{ site.url }}/softlayer_updates) to know more information about these updates.

## Account

Has a new method `getBlueIdAuthenticationRequiredFlag`, indicate if account requires blue id authentication.

## Hardware_Server

Now when calling `getBandwidthImage`, you can specify a `dateSpecifiedEnd` to improve your filter.

## Network_Bandwidth_Version1_Allotment

On method `getBandwidthImage`, you can specify `dateSpecifiedEnd`, and method `new_getBandwidthImage` was removed.

## Product_Package_Server

Added a new attribute `sapCertifiedServerFlag`, so if you'd like to purchase a certified server to SAP, pay attention to this flag.

## Ticket_Priority

This new object was introduced to represent the priorities; it has two fields `name` and `value`, a key pair to handle it.

We can also call `getPriorities` to check all available priorities.

## Ticket_Survey

If you would like to opt-out from ticket surveys after a ticket being closed, now instead of this service, you must use SoftLayer_User_Customer::changePreference instead. (deprecated)

## User_Customer

Has improved a lot the password recovery process, if you have a feature like that in your application, I recommend to pay attention and read carefully what changed so you can modify your system accordingly.

* `getDefaultSecurityQuestions` - deprecated, now use `initiatePortalPasswordChange`
* `getUserFromLostPasswordRequest` - deprecated, now use `initiatePortalPasswordChange`
*  `lostPassword` - deprecated, now use `initiatePortalPasswordChange`
* `resetExpiredPassword` - deprecated, now use `initiatePortalPasswordChange`
* `updatePassword` - deprecated, now use `initiatePortalPasswordChange`
* `checkPhoneFactorAuthenticationForPasswordSet`
* `getRequirementsForPasswordSet` - Retrieve the authentication requirements for an outstanding password set/reset request.  The password key provided to the user in an email generated by the `SoftLayer_User_Customer::newUserPassword`. Password recovery keys are valid for 24 hours after they're generated. 
* `getUserIdForPasswordSet` - Retrieve a user object using a password recovery key received in an email generated when a new customer is created or when a customer requests a password change.
* `initiatePortalPasswordChange` - Sends password change email to the user containing url that allows the user the change their password
* `inviteUserToLinkOpenIdConnect` - Send email invitation to a user to join a SoftLayer account and authenticate with OpenIdConnect.
* `processPasswordSetRequest` - Set the password for a user who has an outstanding password request. A user with an outstanding password request will have an unused and unexpired password key.  The password key is part of the url provided to the user in the email sent to the user with information on how to set their password.  The email was generated by the `SoftLayer_User_Customer::setNewUserPassword` method. Password recovery keys are valid for 24 hours after they're generated.

## User_Customer_OpenIdConnect

Got the same modifications from `User_Customer`.

## Virtual_Disk_Image

* `getBootableVolumeFlag` - now indicates if a virtual disk image is bootable or not (Boolean).

## Virtual_Guest

Like `Hardware_Server`, when calling `getBandwidthImage`, you can specify a `dateSpecifiedEnd` to improve your filter.

## Finishing

There were a lot of modification, excellent to see SoftLayer API evolving and bringing us more features.

A lot of modifications were related to the documentation, some improved, and some added to existing methods, so I'd like to congrats and, as a software developer and API user, thank the dev team for the efforts on documenting and making our lives better.

See you next week
