---
layout: post
title: "SoftLayer API News"
description: 2016-03-21 News For SoftLayer API
headline:
modified: 2016-03-21
category: news
tags: [softlayer, api, news]
imagefeature: 
mathjax: 
chart: 
comments: true
mailchimp: true
featured: true
---

Stay updated about modifications on SoftLayer API, read our [page]({{ site.url }}/softlayer_updates) to know more information about these updates.

This week we have some interesting modifications on SoftLayer API, just stay tuned to get most of it!

## Account_MasterServiceAgreement

The `getPdf` method was removed, not sure if the content can still be downloaded via API, anyone knows?

## DNS_Domain_Registration

Was added a new class to get information if a country code top level domain requires extended attributes, so if you would like to get more information when you're registering a domain, you can call `getExtendedAttributes` passing the `domainName` and receive an array of [SoftLayer_Container_Dns_Domain_Registration_ExtendedAttribute](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/datatypes/SoftLayer_Container_Dns_Domain_Registration_ExtendedAttribute) the attributes for class are:

* childFlag (boolean) - Indicates if this is a child of another extended attribute.
* description (string) - The description of an extended attribute.
* name (string) - The name of an extended attribute.
* options (array) - The collection of options for an extended attribute. (an array of [SoftLayer_Container_Dns_Domain_Registration_ExtendedAttribute_Option](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/datatypes/SoftLayer_Container_Dns_Domain_Registration_ExtendedAttribute_Option))
* requiredFlag (integer) - Indicates if extended attribute is required.
* userDefinedFlag (boolean) - User defined indicates that the value is required from outside sources.

The ExtendedAttribute model, brings two new classes on its namespace

`Configuration` and `Option`, the first one just has the `name` and `value` attributes, and the second one is bounded to `options` attribute on `ExtendedAttribute`, and has the following attributes:

* description (string) - The description of an option.
* requireExtendedAttributes (array) - Extended Attribute that is required for an option. (an array of [SoftLayer_Container_Dns_Domain_Registration_ExtendedAttribute_Option_Require](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/datatypes/SoftLayer_Container_Dns_Domain_Registration_ExtendedAttribute_Option_Require) - just has `name` attribute)
* title - The title of an option.
* value - The value of an option.

I tried to get information for some top level domains, but all of them returned an empty array, probably this is the first step on a rolling upgrade

## Network_Component

The `getPortStatistics` method was deprecated and will cease to function on April 4th, 2016 and will be removed on version __3.2__

If you have any integration that rely on this method, don't forget to update on next two weeks.

## Locale_Country

Was added a `isEuropeanUnionFlag` that is an integer, probably a 0 or 1 to define the information about the country.

## User_Customer

Was added a class [SoftLayer_User_Customer_Prospect_ServiceProvider_EnrollRequest](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/datatypes/SoftLayer_User_Customer_Prospect_ServiceProvider_EnrollRequest), being honestly, I have no idea on how to use this information, probably it's for internal SoftLayer use.

What a great update, a lot of information, new feature added, deprecations, removals... happy hitting the API!

See you next week!