---
layout: post
title: "SoftLayer API News"
description: 2016-06-06 News For SoftLayer API
headline:
modified: 2016-06-06
category: news
tags: [softlayer, api, news]
imagefeature: 
mathjax: 
chart: 
comments: true
mailchimp: true
featured: true
---

Stay updated about modifications on SoftLayer API, read our [page]({{ site.url }}/softlayer_updates) to know more information about these updates.

## SoftLayer_Account

Added the relational properties:

* `allowsBluemixAccountLinkingFlag` - Flag indicating if this account can
  be linked with Bluemix.
* `bluemixLinkedFlag` - Returns true if this account is linked to IBM
  Bluemix, false if not.

Obviously, we have methods `getAllowsBluemixAccountLinkingFlag` and
`getBluemixLinkedFlag` to retrieve both flags.

And the following methods were added:

* `linkExternalAccount` - This method will link this SoftLayer account
  with the provided external account.
* `setAbuseEmails` - Set this account's abuse emails.

The documentation says no much about these methods, probably they are used
internally by SoftLayer, if we have any further information (as always),
we will post here.

## SoftLayer_Hardware_SecurityModule

This service has received a lot of modifications, to start, now the
service inherits from `SoftLayer_Hardware_Server`

Many methods were added, more than 50, so if you use this service we
recommend to check the [service
documentation](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/services/SoftLayer_Hardware_SecurityModule)

## SoftLayer_Network_Bandwidth_Version1_Allotment

When creating an object, now returns a data type with the same type of
the service (was a boolean previously).

## SoftLayer_Network_Service_Resource_MonitoringHub

Added the method `adnServicesIp`

## SoftLayer_Network_Storage_Schedule

Added the methods `replicaSnapshotCount` and `replicaSnapshots`; also
the method `getReplicaSnapshots` was added too.

The method is used to retrieve replica snapshots which have been created
as the result of this schedule's execution. And the attributes (that are
relational and count properties), are used to retrieve a
[SoftLayer_Network_Storage](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/datatypes/SoftLayer_Network_Storage)
instance.

## SoftLayer_Software_Component_Security_SafeNet

[Datatype](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/datatypes/SoftLayer_Software_Component_Security_SafeNet)
added with properties:

* `hardwareId` - Hardware Identification Number for the server this Software Component is
installed upon.
* `id` - An ID number identifying this Software Component (Software Installation)
* `manufacturerActivationCode` - The manufacturer code that is needed to activate a license.
* `manufacturerLicenseInstance` - A license key for this specific installation of software, if it is
needed.

According to documentation

> This object specifies a specific Software Component: A SafeNet
> instance. SafeNet installations have custom configurations for
> password requirements.

## SoftLayer_User_Customer

The attribute `managedByOidcFlag` was renamed to
`managerByOpenIdConnectFlag`

## SoftLayer_User_Customer_Invitation

Two methods were added to this service:

* `getObject`
* `getUser`

So probably SoftLayer will generate invitation internally, and you can
get the invitation objects via API once you use a `getObject` in the
[datatype](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/datatypes/SoftLayer_User_Customer_Invitation)
there're some properties to consume like `code`, `createDate`, `statusId`.

Not sure what is the real use for this service, once we have more
information we are going to post here.

## SoftLayer_User_Customer_OpenIdConnect

This service was added to support OpenID Connect, so if you would like
to use OpenID with SoftLayer, we recommend to check the [service
documentation](http://sldn.softlayer.com/reference/services/SoftLayer_User_Customer_OpenIdConnect)

## SoftLayer_Utility_Network

The following methods were removed:

* `isPingable`
* `ping`
* `traceroute`

